ROAD MAP TO FROTNEND.
DAY-1              

JavaScript(FROM BASICS)   

Where to 

Syntax 

Comments                                                        

Variables 

Let                                                                    

Const 

Operators 

Arthmetic 

Assignment 

Datatypes 

Functions 

Objects 

Events 

Practicing exercises in same website after completion of topic. 

RESOURCE: https://www.w3schools.com/js/default.asp      


DAY-2:  

installing VS Code and create a js file to practice the logics. It takes sometime to understand by practicing we can understand easily. 

Concepts in Array in javascript,Array Length 

Array Reverse, Array Sort, Array Fill,Array Join 

RESOURCE: https://www.programiz.com/javascript/library/array 

DAY-3: 
In vscode created a html and css files and created a page using both html and css and modified the css adding buttons and  adding background templates and changing 
to get fit to screen to bring some changes and connected through live server. 

RESOURCE: vs code ,live server,HTML CSS support extensions 

PORT: http://127.0.0.1:5500/page.html 

DAY-4: 

in vscode created a html and css files and created a page using both html and css and modified the css adding buttons and  adding background templates and changing to get fit
to screen to bring some changes and connected through live server.and changing the css properties and changed html part to added the buttons and navigating to 
next page using buttons and done some
work in css part and learned about that . 

DAY-5: 

Learned the concepts in DOM and practiced. in  learning took reference from youtube and w3schools,geeksforgeeks website. 

DAY-6: 

Learned the javascript concepts in objects up to sets and practiced. 
RESOURCE: https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_object_definition.asp 

DAY-7: 

Learned the javascript concepts remaining part and practiced .it takes time while learning 

DAY-8: 

Learned the javascript concepts and revised everything once . 

DAY-9: 

Started the react concept knowing the prerequsites of react and learning  
DAY-10: 

Perfromed the tasks in app.js and app.cs to build small page and it will takes some time to understand. 

DAY-11: 

implementation related to States and Props 
DAY-12: 

Implementation on states and props 

DAY-13: 

Asynchronous and synchronous in javascript. 
REQUIREMENT: to understand the concept in asynchronous and synchronous in javascript for moving forward in react. Implemented using examples snippet and implemented using awsit,aync concept. 

DAY-14: 

Promise,async,await cocnepts. 

REQUIREMENT: to understand the concept in Promise,async,await.and understadning in javascript as a part of react learning. 

DAY-15: 
Practice on the cocnepts of await,async,promise.
REQUIREMENT:take the snippets in google and solve to understand the concept.

